| Key          | Value                                                |
|--------------|------------------------------------------------------|
| Date :       | 22/01/2025                                           |
| Time :       | 13:45 - 14:30                                        |
| Location :   | DW PC1 Cubicle 10                                    |
| Chair        | Omer Majeed                                          |
| Minute Taker | Georgi Yordanov                                      |
| Attendees :  | Adam Bezard, Kevin Moonen, Aidan Voskamp, Kelvin Lee |

### Agenda Items :
- Opening by chair (1 min )

- Check-in : How is everyone doing? (3 min)

  Everyone is doing great, tasks are clear as of now, some crutial decisions had to be made regarding Multi-Collection
  and Tags.
- Announcements by the team (1 min)

  To make a decision on whether to keep working on collections and on how to group ourselves, 
  when it comes to: Multi-Collection, Tags, some UI issues and config file 
 
- Approval of the agenda - Does anyone have any additions? (1 min )

  Not any additions to the agenda
- Approval of last minutes - Did everyone read the minutes from the previous meeting? (1 min)

  Everyone read the minutes from the last meeting.
- Announcements by the TA (5 min)
  
  The code freeze is on Sunday 11:59PM for the project. After that we can't make any more changes/additions to the project
  The BuddyCheck will take place in Week 10
- Showing the entire application and what is working and what is not. 
- This will almost be reflecting the final product (2 min)

  The refresh when multiple clients are using the application is great.
  Some buttons will be removed and others added. The full-screen UI will be fixed by the end.
  
- Talking Points :
    - Discuss what everyone will be doing in the final week (5 min)
      
      Omer, Kelvin and Aidan will be working on the Tags in the final week of the project.
      
      Georgi will make the application full-screen pleasant, 
      remove the unnecessary buttons for the collections and add new buttons for the tags.
      
      Adam will be working on fixing the main branch to a functional one as there were some issues.
      
      Kevin will be working on the usability of the application
      
      Everything to be done by Saturday and to make sure nothing has been skipped from what is required form us.
- Summarize action points : Who , what , when? (7 min)

- Feedback round : What went well and what can be improved next time? (5 min )

- Planned meeting duration != actual duration ? Where / why did you mis - estimate ? (2 min )

  The meeting seemed to fit perfectly within the schedule and all questions were covered.
- Question round : Does anyone have anything to add before the meeting closes ? (5 min )

  To not add a default collection in the config file, if Multi-Collections are abandoned.
- Closure (1 min )