| Key          | Value                                                  |
|--------------|--------------------------------------------------------|
| Date :       | 27/11/2024                                             |
| Time :       | 13:45 - 14:30                                          |
| Location :   | DW PC1 Cubicle 10                                      |
| Chair        | Adam Bezard                                            |
| Minute Taker | Aidan Voskamp                                          |
| Attendees :  | Kelvin Lee, Omer Majeed, Kevin Moonen, Georgi Yordanov |

### Agenda Items :
- Opening by chair (1 min )
- Check-in : How is everyone doing ? (5 min)
  - Everyone is doing fine.
- Announcements by the team: Regarding the pre-distribution of tasks, how is everyone's progress ? Any obvious mis-evaluations of the workload that will have to be addressed in the meeting ? (6 min â‰ˆ 1 min per person )
  - No Announcements.
- Approval of the agenda - Does anyone have any additions ? (1 min )
  - No Additions.
- Announcements by the TA (4 min )
  - No big Announcements.
- Show that the template runs (1 min)
- Talking Points :
    - If the distribution of tasks wasn't effective, how can we fix it ? Address individual tasks and elaborate on them. (5 min)
      - Adam: Setup and Implement Basic GUI + Markdown
      - Georgi: Set up the custom links (server side) to have access to different collections depending on name
      - Kelvin: Set up editing title/content of notes (client side, editing something)
      - Omer: Set up the Entity/Database part (attributes: id for note, note title, note content)
      - Aidan: Set up the creating/deleting of notes (creating/deleting the entity from  the table/database)
      - All tasks need to be done by friday.
      - Everyone thinks their tasks are about the right size.
    - Announcement of what the collective goal for the week is (1 min )
      - The collective goal for this week is to finish around half of the basic requirements.
    - What will be our general goal for next week ? (1 min )
- Summarize action points : Who , what , when ? Last clarification of who does what this week, and create issues in gitlab. (7 min)
  - Everyone is working on the distributed tasks and will be finishing them by Friday. We should start with using gitlab to create issues to track our tasks from this week on.
- Feedback round : What went well and what can be improved next time ? (5 min )
  - We are having daily contact and the planning is going well. We haven't really found issues that need to be improved yet.
- Planned meeting duration != actual duration ? Where / why did you mis - estimate ? (2 min )
  - The meeting is shorter than expected but that is no issue because there was also less to talk about this week.
- Question round : Does anyone have anything to add before the meeting closes ? (5 min )
  - No questions.
- Closure (1 min )