| Key          | Value                                                    |
|--------------|----------------------------------------------------------|
| Date :       | 7/01/2025                                                |
| Time :       | 12:45 - 13:30                                            |
| Location :   | DW Project room 1                                        |
| Chair        | Kevin Moonen                                             |
| Minute Taker | Kelvin Li                                                |
| Attendees :  | Adam Bezard, Omer Majeed, Aidan Voskamp, Georgi Yordanov |

### Agenda Items :
- Opening by chair (1 min )

  General opening
- Check-in : How is everyone doing? (3 min)

  Everybody is doing fine, tasks are clear, some bumps on the way, but that is solved for the greatest part
- Announcements by the team (1 min)

  Make sure refactoring is done in time so there aren't any collitions with this weeks work
  Have a bit more discussion in the reviews, having 2 people reviewing one merge request??
  We agree with this idea of having multiple people reviewing big merge request.
- Approval of the agenda - Does anyone have any additions? (1 min )

  Not any additions to the agenda
- Approval of last minutes - Did everyone read the minutes from the previous meeting? (1 min)

  Yes everybody read it
- Announcements by the TA (5 min)

  Today we will receive the technology feedback, maybe split up the logic in the big class more so we improve the grade this way.
- Show that the additions to the app (1 min)

  Looks good.
- Talking Points :
  - Discuss the formative feedback we received about cooperating (5 min)

    Was not part of this weeks agenda.
  - Address the distribution and size of tasks (5 min)

    Most of the people said that their task was doable and an alright estimated time.
  - Discuss the issues that were created in terms of completeness (is everything clear/can more be added?) (5 min)

    Skipped over this point
  - Discuss the design of the app: How do we want the upcoming features to function? (5 min)

    Have a better UI, adding the tags ect. Having to go back and work on the custom links.
  - Announce the collective goal for the week (1 min )

    Refactoring, finishing the multicollection and generally finishing all the assigned tasks
  - What is the goal for next week (1 min )

    Skipped over this
- Summarize action points : Who , what , when? (7 min)

- Feedback round : What went well and what can be improved next time? (5 min )
  Don't do anything last minute, don't break the pipeline. Discussing about merge request, if an open merge request gets
  approved and in the meantime another merge request is merged there will be a merge conflit, set on automerge is maybe
  better.
- Planned meeting duration != actual duration ? Where / why did you mis - estimate ? (2 min )

  There are points that were skipped, however time seems alright to line up, just unfortunate that not everything is discussed
- Question round : Does anyone have anything to add before the meeting closes ? (5 min )

  Just make sure that merge request get merged as soon as they get approved to avoid unnecessary conflicts
- Closure (1 min )