| Key          | Value                                                    |
|--------------|----------------------------------------------------------|
| Date :       | 18/12/2024                                               |
| Time :       | 13:45 - 14:30                                            |
| Location :   | DW PC1 Cubicle 10                                        |
| Chair        | Kelvin Li                                                |
| Minute Taker | Kevin Moonen                                             |
| Attendees :  | Adam Bezard, Omer Majeed, Aidan Voskamp, Georgi Yordanov |

### Agenda Items :
- Opening by chair (1 min )
- Check-in : How is everyone doing? (3 min)

  Fine, no problems
- Announcements by the team (1 min)

  General question: do we have to update previous issues? no.
  About the resits, can be rescheduled

- Approval of the agenda - Does anyone have any additions? (1 min )

  none
- Approval of last minutes - Did everyone read the minutes from the previous meeting? (1 min)

  none
- Announcements by the TA (5 min)

  none
- Show that the additions to the app (1 min)

  language translation, adding and removing notes, saving and refreshing notes
- Talking Points :
    - Discuss the formative feedback we received about cooperating (5 min)
  
      Everyone read the feedback. About the buddy check: the aid model.
      Tasks and planning didn't go so well thus far, as we've seen in the feedback.
      Issues should have a more relevant description.
      No need to update closed issues.
    - Address the distribution and size of tasks (5 min)
  
      Adam: set up the config file and the markdown, not too sure how much time it will take,
      can fix other bugs if it isn't enough
      Omer: continuing with the tags, filtering etc.
      Kelvin: make the listview work and connect the buttons, also some different features if necessary
      Aidan: backend of the multicollection part
      Georgi: frontend of the multicollection part, editing title and collection
      Kevin: Keyboard shortcuts, enough work
    - Discuss the issues that were created in terms of completeness (is everything clear/can more be added?) (5 min)
  
      Adding time tracking per issue and a good description
      Issues should be 3-4 hours, child tasks are optional
    - Discuss the design of the app: How do we want the upcoming features to function? (5 min)
  
      Figure some things out regarding the config file and a startup prompt for connecting to a server,
      how collections should be saved
    - Announce the collective goal for the week (1 min )
  
      Finish the basic requirements

    - What is the goal for next week (1 min )
  
      Finish the non-technical requirements
- Summarize action points : Who , what , when? (7 min)

  Omer: start as soon as possible
  Kevin: make a start this week, finish at the end
  Adam: during the holidays and start soon
  Aidan: start tomorrow and finish as much as possible in the upcoming week
  Georgi: same as Aidan
  Kelvin: almost done already so will try to finish today
- Feedback round : What went well and what can be improved next time? (5 min )

  Check regularly for activities in the group chat

- Planned meeting duration != actual duration ? Where / why did you mis - estimate ? (2 min )

  yes pretty much

- Question round : Does anyone have anything to add before the meeting closes ? (5 min )

  none
- Closure (1 min )